Add security questionnaire answers (#18)
tomayac/cross-origin-storage: security-privacy-questionnaire.md

## 01. What information does this feature expose, and for what purposes?

The COS API exposes the availability of files identified by their hash across different origins. The purpose is to enable efficient sharing of large files (e.g., AI models, SQLite databases, Wasm modules) to reduce redundant downloads and storage.

## 02. Do features in your specification expose the minimum amount of information necessary to implement the intended functionality?

> Yes, after explicit user consent, the API exposes only the existence of a file with a known hash and provides read access to it. No additional metadata nor write access is exposed.

Reviewer: Is this correct? The API also allows write access, at least once.

> Yes, after explicit user consent, the API exposes only the existence of a file with a known hash and provides read access to it. No additional metadata nor write access is exposed.

Author: ```suggestion
Yes, after explicit user consent, the API exposes only the existence of a file with a known hash and provides read access to it. No additional metadata is exposed. Write access is always granted, just like any page can freely and until its storage quota is reached store arbitrary data in other storage mechanisms like the bucket file system (origin private file system), IndexedDB, or the Cache API.
```
